Sister-in-law said you ran out of a mental hospital
Oh, really?
10 million, why don't you say there's a billion in it?
Mr. Wu, are you finished?
Enough is enough. I don't want to hear this
I said I'm not here to discuss it with you
All the business of your Wu family now
It's all been cut off by us.
If you don't listen
I'll bankrupt you anytime
President Hu
Everything has to be reasonable
Lao Tzu is the truth
Mr. Hu, you are about to fall into a big trap, do you know?
What are you talking about?
I said you were dying, did you hear me?
Boy, how dare you talk to me like that
So you don't want to live anymore?
You see your face is livid
Dried meat floss
Dark eyes
laxity
Yintang black
You are a seriously sick zombie
Boy, are you looking for death?
Curse my dad
It is intolerable to lose
Hahaha I am a doctor
I can't be wrong about people.
And I can tell you
You will be sick until tomorrow